What is DataScience?
--> Data science is the field of study that combines domain expertise, programming skills, and knowledge of 
mathematics and statistics to extract meaningful insights from data.

Working with CSV files in python

CSV stands for comma-separated values file

Basically

When we have a large number of data we can work on that data (i.e apply some sorting and visualizing that data) 
and interpret/conclude some results.

But what this data is?
--> well we can get this data from surveys, feedback forms and many more.
    The data can be anything related to the product.

Topics in DataScience

Lists
Sets
Tuples
Dictionaries
CSV files
DataFrames
Matplotlib
Numpy
Working with Excel Files in Python
Pandas

why do we need to use all this?
--> while working with pandas there are very large amount of data
    The data will be in the form of csv or excel 

    eg. patients in different country of being infected by corona.

    So to handel this large amount of data we need this data science

What we will do with this data in DataScience?
--> We will apply some sorting 
    And visualize this data

    And after that we can tell some marketing schemes
    or give them the advice about the product production

    eg. we collected the data about two different flavoured candies from the same brand
    then we analized the data visualized it and concluded that
    one candy is purchased more and the other is purchased less by the customers
    so we can tell the factory to produce more candy that the customer like and reduce the 
    production of candy which is less liked by the customers

    Not only this but we could also note that the sale of theses candies reached the highest 
    amount in the month of january and the lowest was in october 
    So we could also say to increase production in the month of jan and decrease in the month 
    of oct.

    This would help to save resources and hence reducing the loss and increasing in profit.

So, you would have known the value of this data and DataScience in the field of Business. ;)

In DataScience you not only have to know programminng skills (although its the most important)
but you should know these topics too....

Discovery
Data Preparation
Model Planning
Model Building
Communicate Results
Operationalize

Coding Comes in the Data Preparation, Model Planing, Moudel Building only

And The main responsibility is understanding the problem and designing the right solution.
Coding is a supporting activity.

Main Baat apan ne sirf coding wala part sikha hai aabhi tk XD
